There was humpback whales off Annis Lockton many years ago.
I was...
Winston Paul Yeats saw them, Peter's dad,
and there was photographs knocking around.
I'd gone down there in the morning to do a two-hour trip.
Nothing happening at Annis Lockton, came back,
came up and picked up Peter Evans and a couple of other people.
I said, oh, don't forget Annis Lockton's dead down in Annis Lockton.
Let's go out, straight out.
And about half an hour into going straight out to see,
it was all on the radio.
What's that over there?
Oh, it's humpback whales and...
You could have listened, I couldn't believe it.
I was so gutted.
Spent the next six hours then on the roof of the Sulaire going around.
I can't remember if I had other people with me or maybe just a few people.
We weren't doing trips, we just went out looking basically.
Six hours, I got sunburn, sunstroke, you name it.
On the top of the roof, it was a boiling hot day.
It was really rough at the end of it.
I never saw a thing again.
But we went scouting down towards Aberporth out to see.
So that was a humpback whale and its calf.
And Peter was saying that at that time of year,
they do tend to go wandering around a bit randomly, turning up in random places.